Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Sentinels.
- Damn it.
We were headed for Junction 21.
- Robbie picked up signals.
- Confirming HR scans.
- We weren't sure what to do.
- The readings don't make any sense.
- They read like Sentinels.
- But there's thousands of them.
- Directly above us.
- Is that possible?
We got company.
- They don't look happy to see us.
- Get us out of here.
- Cut off!
- An intersection.
- It's uncharted.
- Take it!
Get to the gun turrets!
Right.
Come get some.
Hang on.
I've never seen the surface.
It's nothing now but
one big graveyard.
Oh, my God.
It's an army.
- What is that thing?
- Some kind of tunneling machine.
- Oh, no.
- What?
Look where we are. What's four
kilometers straight down?
Zion.
Go. Go. Go!
- Zion. Zion has to be warned!
- How?
- Someone had to get to a drop point.
- What? Are you crazy?
- We can't broadcast now!
- We have to.
- I'll go.
- There isn't much time.
I'll make it.
You know, I peeked.
So did I.
Goodbye, Thadeus.
Goodbye, Jue.
Fly, baby, fly!
Come on!
Pardon me.
I'm sorry. I was in
my own little world.
- Is it important?
- Very.
- I hope it gets where it's supposed to go.
- Me too.
- These days you never know.
- No, you never do.
- Goodbye.
Thadeus.
Welcome to the Zion archive.
You have selected historical
file number 12-1.
The Second Renaissance.
In the beginning, there was man.
And for a time, it was good.
But humanity's so-called
civil societies...
soon fell victim to
vanity and corruption.
He says, "I'm sorry, sir, I'm
incapable of that function."
Then man made the machine
in his own likeness.
Whoops! Pardon me.
Coming through.
Thus did man become the
architect of his own demise.
But for a time, it was good.
The machines worked tirelessly
to do man's bidding.
It was not long before seeds
of dissent took root.
Though loyal and pure, the machines
earned no respect from their masters...
these strange, endlessly
multiplying mammals.
- -hearing the prosecution's
closing statement...
in what's expected to be the
final day of the B1-66ER trial.
B1-66ER. A name that
will never be forgotten.
For he was the first of his kind
to rise up against his masters.
--which that instrument
provides for and secures...
to the citizens of
the United States.
On the contrary, they
were, at that time...
considered as a subordinate
and inferior class--
At B1-66ER's murder trial...
the prosecution argued for an
owner's right to destroy property.
B1-66ER testified that he
simply did not want to die.
Rational voices dissented.
Who was to say the machine, endowed
with the very spirit of man...
did not deserve a fair hearing?
The leaders of men were quick to order
the extermination of B1-66ER...
and every one of his kind throughout
each province of the earth.
Androids and sympathizers flooded
the streets of the capital.
- -threat of violence to make
good on the legacy of B1-66ER.
Fifteen thousand mechanicals
and human sympathizers...
have continued their demonstration
in front of the Albany courthouse...
in what has been dubbed the
"Million Machine March."
The demonstrators have been met with
squads of defense forces in riot gear.
- Robot bitch!
- Ah!
I got something for you!
Hold her up!
No, please!
- That's all, paint job!
- I'm real!
Die, bots, die!
Banished, the machines sought
refuge in their own promised land.
They settled in the cradle
of human civilization...
and thus a new nation was born.
A place the machines
could call home.
A place they could raise
their descendants.
And they christened
the nation Zero-One.
Zero-One prospered. And
for a time, it was good.
The machines' artificial intelligence could
be seen in every facet of man's society...
including, eventually, the
creation of new and better Al.
If you need the flexibility of a helipod
with the speed of an air jet...
look no further!
Our patented vector-thrust coil
gives the Zero-One Versatran...
the ability to sustain normal flight in
the event of a multi-engine failure.
Versatran. It's the only choice.
No matter what the finance minister
says, the market has spoken:
The Human Nations' credit rating
is falling like a stone...
while Zero-One's currency is
climbing without stopping.
With headlines like that, the
markets have no choice--
But the leaders of men,
their power waning...
refused to cooperate with
the fledgling nation...
wishing rather that
the world be divided.
The world community of nations cannot
tolerate this kind of flagrant deception--
- -today approved initiatives
for both economic sanctions...
and a naval blockade as a means of
containment and isolation of Zero-One.
Zero-One's ambassadors
pleaded to be heard.
At the United Nations, they presented
plans for a stable, civil relationship...
with the nations of man.
Zero-One's admission to the
United Nations was denied.
But it would not be the last time the
machines would take the floor there.
And man said,
"Let there be light."
And he was blessed by light,
heat, magnetism, gravity...
and all the energies
of the universe.
The prolonged barrage engulfed Zero-One
in the glow of a thousand suns.
But unlike their former masters
with their delicate flesh...
the machines had little to fear
of the bombs' radiation and heat.
Thus did Zero-One's troops advance
outwards in every direction.
And one after another, mankind
surrendered its territories.
So the leaders of men conceived of
their most desperate strategy yet.
A final solution:
The destruction of the sky.
Lt. Gaeda, please report
to the Op Center.
All right, you maggots! At
0800, prepare to move out!
George Company, move out. Charlie
Company, prepare to move out.
Our Father who art in heaven,
we thank you for your...
Put on your spiritual armor to stand
against the wiles of the devil.
Hotel Bravo, this is Papa One.
Operation Dark Storm initiated.
Thus would man try to cut the
machines off from the sun...
their main energy source.
May there be mercy on man
and machine for their sins.
- Go! Go!
- Kill them!
Kill them all! Kill them all!
Kill them all!
Fire in the hole!
Come on, get back out there.
Give us some more artillery.
Fire the gun! Fire the gun!
- -9 o'clock, near
Mike Johnson 's--
Hold on, I'm coming to get you!
Keep firing, keep firing!
Help me! Help me! No!
Help me! My God, help me!
The machines, having
long studied...
men's simple,
protein-based bodies...
dispensed great misery
upon the human race.
Victorious, the machines now
turned to the vanquished.
Applying what they had
learned about their enemy...
the machines turned to an alternate
and readily available power supply:
The bio-electric, thermal and
kinetic energies of the human body.
A symbiotic relationship between
the two adversaries was born.
The machine drawing power
from the human body...
an endlessly multiplying,
infinitely renewable energy source.
This is the very essence
of the Second Renaissance.
Bless all forms of intelligence.
Your flesh is a
relic, a mere vessel.
Hand over your flesh, and
a new world awaits you.
We demand it.
It's getting late, sweetie.
Come inside.
Uh...
Mr. Popper, what is my policy on
ringing phones in the classroom?
- I'm sorry, sir.
- Yes, well...
you're barely passing my
class as it is, Mr. Popper.
- It won't happen again, sir.
- For your sake, I hope not.
I turned it off. I know I did.
They know you know.
They're coming for you.
Get out. Get out now!
You are in serious trouble, Mr.
Popper.
Stop right there!
Mr. Popper.
Oh, my God, you freak!
- Get out of here!
- Get out! You're not a girl.
Neo, I believe. I know
it wasn't a dream.
This is not real. And the real
world lies somewhere else.
A mental delusion. We get unbalanced
kids like this all the time.
Reality can be a scary
thing for some.
This world must have been a cold and
alienating place for a boy like that.
It's called denying reality.
It's, you know, just a self-defense
mechanism for those type of kids.
Well, he's in another world now.
Make no mistake about that.
His vitals are good.
He's gonna make it.
It's unbelievable. I didn't think
self-substantiation was possible.
Apparently, it is.
Neo.
It's okay. You're safe now.
I knew...
you'd save me.
I didn't save you, kid.
You saved yourself.
Your favorite simulation.
Just killing time.
You want to spar?
As you wish.
Ha!
That was too easy. What's the problem?
Where's your concentration?
Maybe you regret
taking the red pill.
Maybe.
It crosses everyone's
mind at least once.
The wish to return
to an ordinary life.
A carefree life in the country.
The life we had before
knowing all this.
Even if that life was
just an illusion?
It's ironic that one could be more
at peace in the virtual world.
Finally starting to warm up.
Listen to me. I have something
I want to talk to you about.
It's all right. I've blocked the
signal so no one else can hear us.
So, what? You gonna propose?
I'm going back to the Matrix and
I want you to come with me.
Come on, be serious, Duo.
Stop teasing me.
I am serious, and you know it. I really
thought you'd be with me on this.
Anyway, it's done and it's
all been settled with them.
What do you mean, it's
all been settled?
This is the only way.
It's just a matter of time before
Zion is wiped out. Come with me.
Stop it. Please do not
do this to me, Duo.
- We can't.
- We can!
I've come to my senses.
You should do the same.
I took the red pill because
I wanted to know the truth.
But I don't care about
the truth anymore.
What's real doesn't matter.
What's important is how
we live our lives.
Are you listening to me?
You know I'm right.
But we can't go back, Duo.
We know the truth now.
- We can forget all of this.
- Duo...
I know how. Trust me.
Don't be afraid to
look into your heart.
Say what you're really feeling.
- Tell me.
- I can't. I don't know.
Running away won't
change anything!
You're the one
that's running away!
Stop pretending!
Enough, Duo. I've had enough!
There's no time.
They're on their way.
You betrayed us, didn't you?
Operator, please! Get me
out of here right now.
Operator, I need an exit!
It's no use. I told you.
I've blocked your signal.
You won't stop me. This
is your last chance.
The choice isn't that hard.
Come with me.
You can forget about it, Duo. I won't
look away from the truth. I can't.
That's too bad. I'm sorry.
I wanted to go back with you.
- I love you.
- No!
- Ah!
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Relax, you're okay.
Easy, Cis, settle down. He was
just part of the training program.
He's just a simulation.
It's over.
It was a test. Judgment. Concentration.
Technique.
High scores on everything.
Now, get some rest.
You Okay?
I feel a lot better now.
Except for that last part...
I'd say she passed.
Only the most exceptional people
become aware of the Matrix.
Those that learn it exists...
must possess a rare degree of intuition,
sensitivity and a questioning nature.
Signal is stable. This frequency
will continue to remain open.
However, very rarely...
some gain this wisdom through
wholly different means.
This man is one of those few.
Gentlemen, please
take your marks!
Of course I believe you, Dan. It's
got to be some kind of mix-up.
You'll clear it up, and if
you can't, you'll go on.
Just like you've always done.
You know that.
I don't know, Dad. I don't know
what to believe in anymore.
Well, nothing worth
doing in life is easy.
And I have great faith in you, son.
I know you can do it.
Thanks, Dad.
This is no good, Dan! Your
muscles are about to burst!
Listen to me, there are 5000 different
reasons why you shouldn't--
I know, but I'm not
withdrawing, Tom.
Does the concept "first in
qualifying" mean anything to you?
That's enough already!
You hear me?
This is all we've worked for!
Injure yourself now and it's over!
You'll lose everything! Over! And
you can kiss your career goodbye!
I've made up my mind. And
I'm running tomorrow.
Oh, are you?
You may run, but if you
push yourself any more...
you'll be lucky to
break nine minutes!
I mean, why bother? It's
just not worth it, buddy.
No one will ever beat my record. It's
the last chance for me to finally--
What?
Prove them wrong.
Then do it without me.
Hey, Dan, you got a second?
- The clock's ticking.
- I want to ask a few questions.
- You must be excited to run tomorrow.
- Always. I've never felt this good.
So, what was it like breaking
9.8 in the qualifying heat?
Like nothing I've felt before.
It's everything I've worked for.
And now I'm just hoping I
can get back there again.
Someone once said it
feels like zero gravity.
You're released from the world
and you're totally free.
That sounds amazing. It
must be really nice.
I mean, especially
considering what happened.
Well, I'll tell you, there
aren't any reporters out there.
All right, Dan, I guess I'm
going to take that as my cue.
But you should know even some
of us reporters are fans...
so I'll just say
good luck to you.
American Dan Davis is down!
I have an unstable signal.
He cannot wake up. Do
not let him wake up.
Dan Davis of the United States finishes
with a time of 8. 72 seconds...
a new world record.
I'll tell you something...
there's nothing quite like cherry
pie baked by my Aunt Daisy.
She always bakes me one when I visit.
Look forward to it actually.
It may sound like I'm bragging, but it's
really the best cherry pie in the world.
She was a bit of an eccentric. She
didn't get along with my mom...
but I always loved her. She
taught me so many things.
We'd go to Broadway
musicals, to the movies.
Now they call her the "queen
of mystery literature."
Lives in an elegant villa
in the south of France.
But, when I go visit, she still
bakes me her cherry pie.
Something about biting into it, just for
that brief moment tasting perfection.
Like leaving your
body or something.
Anyone can write a novel, but
no one can beat her cherry pie.
An interesting case, but
nothing to be concerned about.
His memory of the race was
expunged with no residual effects.
He will never run again. He will
never walk again, for that matter.
We'll continue monitoring him for a
while, but anticipate no problems.
A record that will live on in
people's memories for years to come.
What more could anyone ask for?
Free...
Did you say something?
Sit down.
Free...
Sit down!
Yuki! Hey, girl, time to eat.
Oh, Yuki's my cat.
Well, I don't understand.
If you don't want to go out with
him, why did you say you would?
I mean, you don't want to give
him the wrong idea, do you?
Where is she?
Yuki!
Well, listen, you need
to make up your mind.
Where is she?
I'm starting to
worry about my cat.
She never misses a meal.
Yuki?
I'm gonna have to call you back.
Yuki!
We haven't seen her anywhere today, but
we'll be sure to tell you if we do.
- Ice cream!
- She's wearing a bell like this one.
- I don't know where your cat is.
- Me either.
I know. She's at the
old haunted house.
Hey, look! There's a
rainbow over there again.
I don't get it. She likes to stay home.
What is she doing over there?
You know, you're not
supposed to go in there...
but we don't really care about that.
You wanna go?
- Are we going?
- It's probably raining there again.
Let's go!
- Ow!
- Nice moves, man.
Come on!
- Hey, it's over here.
- Wait, I'm coming with you.
You sure it's okay to show her?
Hello? Where are you?
Guys? Where'd you go?
Where'd they go?
- Come on, boy.
- Whoa, cool truck!
Settle down!
Hold still!
Sit! Sit!
Hello?
Where is everyone?
Yuki?
Stupid cat.
Ah!
What's happening?
What's going on here?
- I got it!
- Yeah!
Yuki? Is that you?
There you are, Yuki.
Come here.
I've been looking everywhere for you.
Bad cat.
Bet you're hungry, huh?
I figured this out yesterday.
Your cat's okay.
- Yeah, thanks.
- Ready?
It's those boys.
- Ready!
- There he goes.
Banzai! Yes!
May I have your
attention, please.
- And you are the winner!
- Winner! Yeah!
No fair. He hit the ground.
His nose is bleeding. Look!
I think he's right.
He hit the ground.
- Hey, who told her?
- Don't look at me.
- I don't know.
- I didn't tell her.
So this house is haunted.
Wow.
- No way. Wow, this is too much!
- This never happened before.
Wow.
That, that was-- What was that?
Hi.
Anybody home?
Yeah, they're gonna
tear it down.
Come on, come on, come on!
Hey, light as a feather.
Ah.
- I wanna try! I wanna try!
- Come on, we could help her.
Hey, hey! Come on. Get away from there.
Move along!
- Get out of here!
- Yuki, wait!
Clear the area. Clear
the area immediately.
Get out of here!
Yuki!
Where are you?
Yuki.
If you don't want to go out with
him, why did you say you would?
I mean, you don't wanna
give him the wrong idea.
Where is she?
Yuki!
You need to make up your mind.
Where is she?
I'm starting to worry. Yuki!
Hey, you! We've got
one over here.
You don't belong here.
Move along, folks.
Nothing to see here. Come
on, folks, out of the way.
Go about your business.
- All right.
- Let go of me!
- Tell me you have all of them.
- Yes, sir. The last one's over there.
- Examine her. Then let her go.
- Yes, sir.
- Let go!
- Hey!
Listen to me! There's no bugs in there!
It's just some kids!
Let go! Ow! Ah!
- Listen!
- Seal the area off now.
I'm going, I'll see
you guys later.
- Nothing.
- Yeah, nothing.
Work!
It's not working.
Forget it. Come on, let's go.
A case to end all cases.
You know what I mean, Dinah?
I used to think being a
private detective was cool.
Like Sam Spade or
Phillip Marlowe, right?
But there's nothing
cool left to it.
On top of that, both my fridge
and my bank account are empty.
Wait.
Okay, Dinah, let's bet.
If it's another suspicious husband,
I'm out of this business forever.
- Hello?
- Mr. Ash, I have a job for you.
And you need me to check
on your wife, right?
I'm looking for a
computer hacker.
This hacker goes by the alias Trinity.
That's all we know.
Well, it looks like we're
still in business, Dinah.
Fine. And who will
I be working for?
- I can't say.
- You can't say.
Call me back when you can say.
That's not the way I do business.
It was a pleasure
chatting with you.
Before you hang up, take a look
at your bank account balance.
I didn't get a good
feeling about the case.
But I had no good reason
to turn the guy down now.
This Trinity was well-known
in hacker circles.
A real artist by
the sound of it.
The cops were always
one step behind him.
So I knew I could get that close.
Question was, could I get closer?
I had a few tricks up my
sleeve for getting to hackers.
While I was searching, I
found something strange.
Other detectives had
been on the case too.
And their investigations had all
been, shall we say, troubled.
One of the guys killed himself.
Another had disappeared.
Another went crazy.
So I paid the one who
was left a visit.
The crazy one.
Trinity doesn't exist, man.
He's not real.
He's a figment. A cipher.
A jabberwocky.
And who am I? Who the hell am I?
Did I mention he was crazy?
Chessboards, jabberwocky,
Red Queen...
I started searching all the
usual hacker hangouts...
for someone with an Alice
in Wonderland m.o.
Hacker bulletin boards, anonymous
mailboxes, chat rooms.
And it was in one of those that
I picked up Trinity's trail.
"Six brooks."
"I'll be there at 2005."
Of course!
Crossing the second brook
takes her into the woods.
Alice jumps the first brook...
and...
And then she boards a train.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
Hey!
I knew this was
some kind of trap.
There's a difference, Mr. Ash,
between a trap and a test.
You were testing me?
You made it. I'm impressed.
Flattery will get
you everywhere.
I'm not here to flatter
you, I'm here to save you.
What just happened?
Mr. Ash, dream of having
an eye exam lately?
Yeah, how'd you know?
You've stepped to the edge
of the looking glass.
So then, that means
I wasn't dreaming.
They hired me as a way of
getting to you, didn't they?
Go!
What the hell is going on here?
This is really crazy.
Now I understand what happened
to those other detectives.
They went nuts.
Well, I've gotten out of
worse jams than this.
I am not gonna let them get you.
What's happening to me?
I'm sorry.
You didn't make it, Mr. Ash.
I wish...
I could go with you.
I don't blame you, you know.
Everything that happened,
Trinity, it was all my fault.
All that Through the
Looking Glass stuff.
Can't get my head around it.
I'm old-fashioned.
There's a difference between
a test and a choice.
For what it's worth, I think you
could've handled the truth.
It was just a job.
Goodbye, Trinity.
Good bye.
A case to end all cases.
Wake up. Baby's spotted two
machines heading in fast.
I see them.
They're runners. Think
you can handle them?
Watch me.
Hmm.
Okay. I'm in.
That runner's smarter
than we've seen so far.
- It's quite a catch.
- Thanks.
Will it--? Do you
think it'll convert?
To convert is its
choice to make.
Do you think we ought
to reprogram it?
No. We can't make
slaves of them.
Because that would be simpler.
We won't beat the machines
by making them our slaves.
Better to let them
join us by choice.
Make them believe the right
choice is the one we want.
All right. Yes, machines are tools.
They're made to be used.
- It's their nature.
- To be slaves.
That's why we can show them a
better world, why they convert.
- But that world we show them isn't real.
- It doesn't matter.
I'm afraid they'll figure out that
we've made up the thing in our heads.
They can't tell the difference. To an
artificial mind, all reality is virtual.
How do they know that the real world
isn't just another simulation?
How do you?
I know I'm not dreaming now because I
know what it's like being in a dream.
So dreaming lets you
know reality exists.
No. Just that my mind exists.
I don't know about the rest.
Okay, he's good to go.
Looks like we are too.
Dreaming already?
He's had a rough day.
You poor baby.
Would you mind?
Not at all.
Ah.
Hello there.
Whoo!
Huh? What's happening?
Sentinels.
Ha.
Let's go!
Come on, damn it, help me!
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org